between January next to the naval base of
broken of the oppressive state here we have a
piece of fumigated way you can see how
the contours are the skies of the
zones for nothing I will think about fixing
that trace you will not even think
that these are normal heavens
these are simply in the moments that
remain of the fumigations and even when
The sun baena will return to its sole in spite
that anyone who knows anything
of meteorology anybody who
ask an old man of the place will tell you
this winds of water has gotten us the
east wind three or four
days but we have been changed by a
wind that is currently carried
a long blanket
She is fresh and you can see that
from anyone who asks but the
water where is
our water looks back there those
cables you have an attempt to deform a
nubecita is a tiny lenticular
but it will not form and it will rain and there
you have the rest of the sky where it is still
more obvious
yesterday I posted a video where it was exhibited
in the studio is a kid of the
University of Seville with some data
quite interesting and others of a
chain to the chain be that also
he talked about the fumigation of dioxide
Diatomite lead good to nobody
surprise that they fumigate lead dioxide
when they are fumigating several strontium
biases rivers and all kinds of mills
nanotechnological the both pigs
so that might be a fake but
I was goodbye to report a little fake bad
Indeed if that be for here
we leave it lady and we have the bridge
which is becoming the expensive work
through here of cádiz that is us
costing and has almost tripled their
budgets or quadrupling their
budgets takes years of delay
and they still sell us, which is the
reverse wonder good sir here what
we leave is a cock like a pot that
Masonic signs more beautiful has
true
here we leave you gentlemen as I said together
to the naval base of broken defeat of
hello struts
every blur is one more day we continue
playing gentlemen